README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Portfolio

> For the first milestone in the process of creating my portfolio website:

1. I set up a new repository and prepare it for development using best practices (e.g. linters).
2. I build the first 2 sections of the mobile website using the template I chose in the previous step.

## Built With

- HTML & CSS

## Author

👤 **Ope Solomon**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Solorics)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/Solorics2)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/solomon-opeyemi-0427a6155)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/solorics/Microverse/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [./MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

Commit message:

mobile version potfolio form completed

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Portfolio: Add a contact form and finish the mobile version

> For the second milestone in the process of creating my portfolio website:

1. I set up a new repository and prepare it for development using best practices (e.g. linters).
2. Add a contact form to my portfolio and the portfolio of my coding partner.
3. I guide my users' experience in a way that helps them fill in the form without frustration.

## Built With

- HTML & CSS

## Author

👤 **Ope Solomon**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Solorics)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/Solorics2)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/solomon-opeyemi-0427a6155)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/solorics/Microverse/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [./MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._
